We've received a message for you.
You are to report to the base
on Island 49 at noon tomorrow.
About the surface thing?
I wonder if they want to use
one of our girls to help.
I can't say this excites me.
Oh, no... I forgot the pepper.
Huh?
Which one's the pepper, again?
WorldEnd:
What do you do at the end of the world
Are you busy?
Will you save us?
Get a move on!
Need medicine here!
We've sent word to the
Guardian Wings Military.
We just have to take it easy
until help arrives.
Easier said than done.
It'll be fine.
We won't run into any legitimitates,
the Fourths, for a while.
Here.
And why is that?
They tend to avoid living
close to their own.
There shouldn't be any around here now.
Huh... First I've heard that.
Did you know, Rhan?
"Humans unleash the beasts
and fill the world
with the ashen truth."
Rhan!
Fix this habit of yours!
Doesn't Nygglatho always tell you
to focus on food at chow time?
Eat up already!
Open your mouth wider!
They really are just normal kids.
Good. Be sure to chew well.
He was right on the money.
Sky Island 49
We want to send a rescue
squad to the surface.
Guardian Wings Military Base
But the Plantaginesta, the Moby-class
transport airship we would use,
is currently being remodeled.
It won't be ready for fifteen days.
Why the heck do you need
such a big ship, anyway?
Hey...
Watch your mouth,
Second-Grade Technical Officer!
I'm a First-Grade Technical Officer!
Your superior!
Pardon me, First-Grade
Technical Officer, sir!
I'm a country boy, so please
excuse my lack of manners.
Very well. I forgive you.
See how bighearted a first-grade
technical officer I am?
Anyway, let's get back on topic.
The Saxifraga's survey team was
going to some big emnetwiht ruins.
They retrieved numerous relics, and we
need a big ship to bring them all back.
Understand, Second-Grade
Technical Officer?
Uh-huh...
Excuse me?
I fully understand, First-Grade
Technical Officer, sir!
But the longer the rescue op is delayed,
the more danger the survey team faces.
That's why we sent two swords
with them in the first place.
I hope they do their jobs, even if
they must sacrifice themselves.
Is something wrong?
Not at all.
You are absolutely correct,
sir wise First-Grade Technical Officer.
It's hard to read a disfeatured's
facial expressions.
Here. Go through this.
"Ground Level K96-MAL Ruins
Second Survey Report."
Once you read it, you will see
the importance of this survey.
Hang on.
Streets with thick stone paving.
Jerry-built housing blocks.
No doubt about it.
This is Gomag City,
in Imperial territory.
My... birthplace.
The next page lists their finds,
including talismans and the like.
All those precious objects
await our rescue.
"Dug weapon Lapidemsibilus"?
This is it! This sword can...
Sir bighearted First-Grade
Technical Officer.
Oh? What is it, Second-Grade
Technical Officer?
I have a favor to ask.
What took you so long?
Sorry. It's a long story.
Give me a second.
Let me finish this.
No need to rush.
That was delicious.
Let's go.
Now can you tell me why you came along?
I wanted to buy something.
And the others gave me a big list.
Well, you seem to be enjoying yourself.
It isn't often you and I can take
a leisurely stroll alone.
In fact, I don't think it has ever happened.
Did you forget how we ran all over
the place when we first met?
Uh, right.
But that kind of didn't have
the same feel, you know?
Come on, let's go.
Chtholly?
Is that a cute missus I see?
Missus?
Are you newlyweds?
I'll give you a discount.
No, we're—
That's right! Thank you very much!
Are you finished shopping, "missus"?
Yes, thanks for all your help.
Newlyweds, huh?
So we looked like a couple.
Are you really happy with this?
You're finally free to roam
outside the island now,
so why come with me to shop?
Oh, please... Quit playing dumb
when you know the answer.
I don't care where it is.
I just want to be with you.
I have no idea what you see in me.
I was ordered to send
a fairy soldier to the surface.
Okay.
I picked Nephren.
And I'll be going with her.
Okay.
I'm done just sitting around
and waiting for someone to return.
Also, I'm interested in a sword
they found on the surface.
A sword?
It's called Lapidemsibilus.
I think it has a special ability that keeps
its wielder in tip-top mental condition.
Huh...
You're putting on a brave face, right?
The disintegration might
worsen at any moment,
so I figured the sword could help
if it ever came down to it.
You were worried about me, huh?
Did you really think I wasn't?
But don't worry. Nothing has
happened since that one time.
I even sparred for a while
with Tiat the other day,
and I was fine afterward.
I'm perfectly—
You're no longer a leprechaun.
There's no telling what's
happening inside your body.
So please don't push yourself.
Okay.
So, when are you leaving?
Not for a while yet.
Look after the others.
I'm going, too.
I said I'm going with you.
Hey, I just said not to push yourself.
I know!
But I don't want to sit and wait
for you to return, either.
Wait, wait... That's not gonna fly.
You're not a fairy anymore.
You can't come along to sightsee...
You think I'd suggest this just to sightsee?
Uh, wait. That's not what I meant!
I'm saying it's not a place
you can casually go.
You think I'm being casual about this?
Now I'm mad!
I'm going with you, no matter what!
Oh, come on...
You know that's not happening!
Looks like it is happening.
Yay, I got permission!
You sure did.
Wait, are you mad?
Don't you realize why you got permission?
Uh... Because a second-grade
technical officer introduced me?
He thought you were my lover.
Lover?
Apparently, officers often take lovers
on trips as their secretaries.
And that's what he thinks I'm doing.
Lover...
I think it's fine!
Uh, it's not fine.
I guess.
Let's go back to "missus," then.
Oh, for...
Well, whatever.
I don't wanna be separated from you, either.
Wait, wait!
That makes me very happy,
but it sadly wasn't a proposal, right?
Duh.
"I don't wanna be separated
from you, either," huh?
Oh, no... I forgot the pepper.
Second from the right, window side.
Pepper!
Hup.
TO...
Hey, TO.
Ithea?
Aye aye.
It's your beloved Ithea Myse Valgulious.
If you want anything for breakfast,
better hit the mess hall soon.
Right.
Ow.
You were my blanket, Ren?
No wonder it felt so warm.
Yep.
It gets chilly this time of year,
and I didn't want you to catch a cold.
This should be really problematic
when you think about it.
So why doesn't it come across that way?
Because your mind isn't
completely in the gutter yet.
And you've basically reached
pet status, Nephren.
You okay with that?
Providing emotional support is crucial.
It's a worthwhile role.
Is that so?
Anyway, what were you researching all night?
Dug weapon Lapidemsibilus.
It could stop Chtholly's
mental disintegration.
Huh...
What?
I'm just wondering if she actually
has a chance with you.
She's had a big one all along.
Some may hold out longer,
but no man can remain unfazed forever
when a cute girl likes him.
But I still can't give in, which is why
I'm trying to keep her at arm's length.
Wow.
Don't you dare tell her.
You slept with Nephren?
Why does everyone have to be like this?
What, exactly, is the problem with
a parent and child sleeping together?
Spare me. You aren't much
older than she is!
People tend to think I'm a young guy,
but I'm actually more than
five hundred years old.
Well, I can guess Nephren
probably snuggled in herself.
You don't have to guess.
But I still can't accept it!
I know you can sense
people sneaking up on you!
Only the hostile ones.
I don't notice the mostly harmless.
Then let me ask you this.
What if it were Nygglatho?
Defenestrated in two seconds flat.
That isn't how it went with Nephren.
Nygglatho might not be hostile,
but she is harmful.
What sane person sleeps around
someone who wants to eat them?
And if it were me?
Huh? Well, you know...
I'd throw you out, obviously.
Please take more care in the future.
You don't want the little ones
to start doing it too, right?
Huh? R-Right...
I give up.
I have no idea why Chtholly
isn't a leprechaun now,
or why her hair changed color.
What about you?
Will the dug weapon on the surface
really come in handy?
Willem?
Oh, sorry.
Chtholly was acting kinda weird
this morning, you see.
So I said I'd throw her out, obviously.
I thought she'd be mad over why
it's okay with Ren and not her,
but she just walked away.
Is she still not well?
For such a perceptive guy,
you can be amazingly obtuse.
What's that supposed to mean?
She was happy that you put her
in the same category as me.
Why would that make her happy?
Because I'm the rival in love
she's most worried about.
And treating us the same would mean
you also see her as a girl.
Huh? Rival in love?
Yes.
Are you saying she thinks
we could get together?
That would be the implication.
I guess at her age,
you tend to get the wrong
idea about these things.
I wouldn't say it's the "wrong idea," exactly.
I actually do rate you quite highly as a man.
Huh?
Honestly, I wouldn't mind
being with a man like you.
Our races aren't very different,
so I might be able to provide
you with kids of your own.
If I could be part of your happiness
in five or ten years' time,
I would love nothing more.
Well, Chtholly's happiness
takes priority for me,
so I'm not about to go all out for the kill.
But she simply can't bring herself
not to consider me a threat.
Well? Make sense to you now?
I'm gonna make a really despicable request.
And what might that be?
Can I pretend I didn't hear any of that?
You weren't kidding. That is despicable.
But...
It's fine by me.
Hurry!
Yeah!
Last one there's a loser!
Wait for me!
Hey, watch out! Don't—
Don't run in the halls!
What's gotten into them?
Shooting stars.
So pretty!
Over there! And there!
How very spectacular.
There are a lot tonight.
Oh, look.
Here comes a whole bunch!
Hold it right there!
But we'll miss the shooting stars!
You're supposed to dry your hair
as soon as you get out of the bath!
You'll catch a cold!
Tiat's playing the "big sis"
role to perfection.
She's probably imitating me.
Not too long ago, I was running
around after her like that.
Ah, yeah. I can totally see that.
Thank you.
For looking out for me.
Like taking me to the surface.
Nah, I'm just doing it for
my own peace of mind.
Don't worry about it.
Let me thank you anyway.
Hey, Almita!
Almita!
Please make it!
Chtholly!
Chtholly?
Oh... Don't cry out like that.
Some grown-up you are.
I'm fine, see?
Uh...
Sh-She's all right, too.
Chtholly!
Y-You're too close!
I really don't mind...
But not like this!
Once more, from the top!
You're not a leprechaun anymore!
You can't generate venenum like that!
What if things go wrong?
I...
I thought I was gonna lose you again,
even though I was right here!
You're one to talk,
with your wreck of a body.
I'm perfectly fine.
I'm a bit numb, but this will
go back to normal in no time.
You aren't pretending, right?
No faith in me at all, huh?
You're all banned from the roof!
Get all the kids there downstairs!
G-Got it!
What? What's happening?
Nothing to worry about.
I'll take her to the bath.
Handle the rest with Nygglatho
and the others.
O-Okay.
Come on, let's go.
Y-Ya...
I'm sowwy.
Tiat is the one you should apologize to.
If you'd listened to her, you wouldn't
have put yourself in danger.
Y-Ya.
I'm sorry.
Close your ears.
Time to switch.
Ya!
Huh?
Chtholly? What's wrong?
a red-haired girl
is
looking at me
Elq?
Next Episode
moonlit sorcery
Next Episode:
moonlit sorcery.